styles --

formal
casual
hipster
preppy


shopping cart question - called skimlinks and they said it's not possible - could ou make a list of links?

hover over squares - expand


Viraj's advice - 
Don't perform the same query again and again.
Once you have done that search, make sure to store it persistently - that way if some other user does the same channel, pull up that info and only filter the newer stuff.

When the tastemaker submits the item filter then - could have a table of each of the permutations of the channel. Have the item already filter. 
Maybe use memcache or some other thing to load a bunch of items.
Pull them 5 at a time or whatever when the user starts clicking, or run it as a background process. Already start pulling the next one.

background process - look at ruby task queue - background job

error with the current_channel




JJ - Advice

what matters on Stack Overflow is Karma
rewards getting you sales - public profiles with karma
get money and karma on 2 levels (amount of item they sell, and number of items they are selling)
weight how much their items show up - how popular their stuff has been 

differnet metrics for genuionely good articles of clothing - number of sales, amount of time spent on the page.
don't conflate these 2 metrics.

try to do some research into what pandora actually does for their algorithm. wasting potential if not learning about individual product.

mashup of stumbleupon and pandora

build a user profile - channels are just filters.

WHAT HE WOULD DO

	come up with as many possible categories for each item - gather as many metrics as you can early on - even if you don't use it, collect it
	look up academic papers on pandora 
	maybe for each user profile, keep track of percentage - have a tree of conditional probabilities.
	keep track of what they buy, versus what they say they like
	keep exact track of which exact item each user is interacting with - that way if we need to regenerate the whole thing, we can - don't miss out on user actions.


	-------------- GIVE SURVEY AFTER A FEW QUESTIONS

similar questions to those on hunch
Where do you live - in a city, suburb, rural
Are you introverted or extroverted? (find better way to say this)
Should gay marriage be legalized?
Which living room design do you prefer?





	3 main options to not rely as much on tastemakers
		1 - plug in a much as we can with the individual retailer - API's of Ralph Lauren, etc.
		2 - scraping as much as possible: feasible on getting clothing info, as long as we limit it to one site at a time. understand how retailer pages work


		user presenting what color - user picks info at the top
		write javascript overlays for the frame - click on the raph lauren site and say they want red - site keeps track of what they do - that's cool

		3 - hire cheap labor in india. purchasing end, to start off. person made purchase order. don't give them your user's credit card. you give them your credit card and you monitor them carefully.
		have tastemakers upload and someone in india review it. 

		generally, could be better to crowdsource.

		you should already be protected - might as well open up to everyone.

		want to put yourself in a position where you're ready to scale.
		go look at other types of stumble upon things - see what actually works. really look at pandora and see what they do. 

		payments - 
		stripe takes a cut - that's a problem
		call stripe and ask what they think - since we know them
		find a way to do it where somebody does not take a cut
		start talking to retailers - what can you do to make it easier for us to give you money?
		- they are not going to be opposed to that

		how does the fancy do their cart thing?
		this idea is big - you have to go for the big deals

		maybe you develop a sophisticated product, but only support 2 or 3 retailers
		max shopping cart size

		if we go through the route of being a universal shopping cart, let people make boxes to drag clothing items - work on an outfit - put the items of clothing together (huge added value that does not exist - what's nice is that it's just additional front end)


		AUTOFILL PAYMENT INFO? Possible? last pass - do this in a safe way
		talk to a cis professor about transaction safety


		Stefan advice --
			Adding the item is the most important part - should scan the page, get all the info and add to your database
			Information has to be extracted from the page.
			You need some map: upper clothing - sweater, sweater - color
			Need to bind several characteristics together.
			Have different algorithms that extract the information, for each website - that's what I want, know more about what's on the page.
			Cart - 

		Daniel advice - 
			For forms: Pass the variable 
			Create insrance variable: could create before_filter in apllicaitonation controller 
			@user = User.new
			@item -> add it to controlleer where you need them

			Need to store information about their credit card - that's very hard
			Look PCI compliance
			Could autofill address and not card info
			Start with something simpler and then figure out best solution I can get
			Look at what else I have to do, and prioritize - do it later

		John Collison & Jon Youshaei talk -
			programming intelligence - oreilly
			some good libraries
			clothing recommendations - create a few different buckets of people 
			http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Collective-Intelligence-Building-Applications/dp/0596529325
			don't overthink - see how people use it

			add the credit card cost to the shipping cost
			decrease the light on the page except fot eh item that's being featured. Have a lamp button like on Famocracy


		Alexey -
			hard problem - universal checkout: tailor it to a few big sites (zappos, etc.) and then expand
			maybe use squiproxy for the iframe
			OPIM 411 - data mining
			professor of decision support systems
			start off by ordering for them (maybe just take the link)
			get something out there and iterate

		Youshaei feedback v1 - 
			see email
			make arrow flat
			tastemakers should not have the same interface
			landing page should prompt user to make a channel
			thumbs up is add to wishlist
			have color of the top bar match the inside of the buttons
			thumbs up thumbs down are too compressed

		Daniel - 
			Designers who don't have sites set up
			Members only - keep it at beta without calling it a beta -> allows you to target specific people
			exclusive referrals -> given a ceertain amount of invites
			convince people that this is a revolution
			even when it's members only, make sure people can share products
			make announcements on the website, so people are forced to go on the site to learn something exciting
			raffle off invitations to the beta
			share site with 20 friends, get an invite for a beta
			think of potential premium service -> maybe get in touch with tastemakers

		Arjan - 
			should be able to stumble based on what you're looking for: pants, shirts, ...
			tastemaker should specify what the item is
			create channel from splashpage
			problem with sizes for pants
			whole other world of boutique e-commerce sites
			to start, target tastemakers that will add unique items to the site
			very important what you place first, and cannot get boring
			need variety, so that the next items do not get boring
			target people that are passionate about it, be very adamant about creating a community
			mavensay have been very good at targeting the right people
			check out mavensay's facebook page
			look at shoptiques - all these cool little shops that have amazing products. she partners with them and sells their product
			witanddelight.tumblr.com

		Edward (Wu) -
			Dedicated fashion advice is centralized - that's nice. 
			People are familiar with the format.
			To make Aveece have substance, have a dedicated blog.
			Aveece is more akin to Gilt, or something upscale, which could drive away college students.
			Font, etc. is too metro for guys - might be intimidated.
			Blue is very Tiffany, and black is very harsh intimidating color.
			Experiment with grey palette for the entire site.
			More emphasis not on the color of the Aveece, but on the style and the font.
			Incentive for tastemakers - can access new crowd - like people to dress well.
			Would be cool to pick your tastemaker - and they can have their own subcategory. Follow the influencers.
			Social - feed of who liked and retweeted - or it could post on facebook.
			Profile of items that your friends have liked - like a mini store.
			Automated feeds on facebook look annoying.
			App and permissions are annoying.
			

			

			
			









		





